Add FAQ about MQTT not connecting (#6554)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/troubleshooting/faqs.md

### Error: Database Is Locked

SQLite does not work well on a network share, if the `/media` folder is mapped to a network share then [this guide](../configuration/advanced.md#database) should be used to move the database to a location on the internal drive.

> ### MQTT isn't working and has logged errors: `Unable to publish to <mqtt message here>: client is not connected`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unable to publish to MQTT: client is not connected
```

> If MQTT isn't working in docker on a platform like TrueNAS Scale try using the IP of the device hosting the MQTT server instead of `localhost`, `127.0.0.1`, or `mosquitto.ix-mosquitto.svc.cluster.local`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If MQTT isn't working in docker try using the IP of the device hosting the MQTT server instead of `localhost`, `127.0.0.1`, or `mosquitto.ix-mosquitto.svc.cluster.local`.

This is because, by default, Frigate does not run in host mode so localhost pints to the frigate container and not the host device's network. 
```
